Update EIP-3326: Move to draft (#6324)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-3326.md

> title: Wallet Switch Ethereum Chain RPC Method (`wallet_switchEthereumChain`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: `wallet_switchEthereumChain` RPC Method
description: An RPC method for switching the wallet's active Ethereum chain.
```
